docs/README.md, before:

# Docs summary

Here we found the summary of all the documentation for the Runners project.

### Install dev env

1. [Requirements](install/1_requirements.md)
2. [Installation](install/2_install.md)
3. [Homestead](install/3_homestead.md)
4. [Last steps](install/4_getready.md)

### App

1. [Migrations and Seeding](app/1_migrationAndSeeding.md)
2. [Assets](app/2_assets.md)
3. [App lifecycle](app/3_architecture.md)
4. [App architecture](app/4_permissions.md)
5. [Permissions system](app/5_status.md)
6. [Status system](app/6_searchInput.md)
7. [Status system](app/6_filterSystem.md)
8. [Status system](app/6_logsystem.md)
9. [Status system](app/6_notifications.md)

### Api

1. [Architecture](api/1_arch.md)
2. [Api routes](api/2_routes.md)
3. [Error handling](api/3_errors.md)
3. [Authentication](api/4_authentication.md)

### Diagrams

1. [Database MLD](diagrams/databaseMLD.pdf)
2. [Diagramme d'état d'un run](diagrams/RunStates.pdf)

*All the diagrams are created with [draw.io](draw.io), you can easily edit them.*

### Deployment / production installation

1. [Server requirements](deploy/1_requirements.md)
2. [Manual deploy](deploy/2_optimization.md)

Commit message:

Reference new swagger on docs summary

docs/README.md, after:

# Docs summary

Here we found the summary of all the documentation for the Runners project.

### Install dev env

1. [Requirements](install/1_requirements.md)
2. [Installation](install/2_install.md)
3. [Homestead](install/3_homestead.md)
4. [Last steps](install/4_getready.md)

### App

1. [Migrations and Seeding](app/1_migrationAndSeeding.md)
2. [Assets](app/2_assets.md)
3. [App lifecycle](app/3_architecture.md)
4. [App architecture](app/4_permissions.md)
5. [Permissions system](app/5_status.md)
6. [Status system](app/6_searchInput.md)
7. [Status system](app/6_filterSystem.md)
8. [Status system](app/6_logsystem.md)
9. [Status system](app/6_notifications.md)

### Api

1. [Architecture](api/1_arch.md)
2. [Authentication](api/4_authentication.md)
3. [Routes specification](api/swagger.yml)

*You can import the route specification in the [swagger editor](https://editor.swagger.io/) for better display*

### Diagrams

1. [Database MLD](diagrams/databaseMLD.pdf)
2. [Diagramme d'état d'un run](diagrams/RunStates.pdf)

*All the diagrams are created with [draw.io](draw.io), you can easily edit them.*

### Deployment / production installation

1. [Server requirements](deploy/1_requirements.md)
2. [Manual deploy](deploy/2_optimization.md)
